Over the years we have expanded the areas 
we service to include Strathroy, Kerwood,
London, Mount Bridges, Komoka, Parkhill, 
Arkona, Thedford, Grandbend, Forest, 
Warwick, Wyoming, Petrolia, Sarnia, 
Brights County. Grove, Point Edward, Brigden,
Camlachie, Corunna, Alvinston, Oil Spring, 
Oil City, Glencoe, Bothwell, Middlesex 
County and Lambton

Originally established in 1977 by Allan Cameron, today this local business is owned and operated by Kevin Cox, who
took over the business in July 1 of 2006 after Allan retired. Kevin had worked for Allan for 19 years as a license’s auto body technician. Kevin has over 30 years’ of experience in the auto body industry. 

Since 2006, Kevin and his wife Chantal have grown the business and taken it to another level. They’re Mission 
Statement is ‘Where Customer Satisfaction Comes First!’ Kevin and Chantal strongly stand by their mission statement 
and always go above and beyond to ensure that all customers are pleased with they’re services. 

Today, Kevin wears many owners’ hats however; he continues to focus and dedicate his time to each 
customer he serves. Kevin is fair, honest and competitive with pricing.

 Cameron Collision will provide you with a free estimate at no obligation, achieve auto body repair by way of highly trained technicians and expert painters who are meticulous to color matching required for a competent job at a fair price. Our technicians understand the problems associated with modern vehicle collision repairs and have on-hand 
 the equipment and expertise necessary to do the job right, the first time! 

 We offer bodywork and refinishing of cars, trucks, tractor parts, motorcycles as well as spot painting and auto glass replacement. Protect your investment by having CAMERON COLLISION provide you with quality repairs backed by a 
 limited lifetime warranty on collision and paint repairs. 

 Word of mouth is what made Cameron Collision grow year after year.

 Call us, stop by or use the contact form to set an appointment. We look forward to proving to you that our work is among the top body shops in the area.